teams are coming down with
the Udinese who wears the second jersey
in quotes of these friendlies
pre-season, as usual, stands out
on the shoulders the symbol of the friuli
the eagle on the shoulders of the players
I immediately noticed that zapatero are
invert the numbers with respect to the game
against the t-shirt panathinaikos then
bianconera for udinese that the max there
they are bus or staking and just lukas
podolski and then now the experience
instead communicated will be with which it already has
won a championship of turkey at
adnan behind by bruno fernandes that
also thinks about global line shooting with
tranquility and rajhi scan the goalkeeper
absolutely had no
problem to block the conclusion of
bruno fernandes max altintop tries to
evade the guard the iban is still there
i go on him altintop can shoot with
the right karnezis rejects her or staking
misses practically a goal
incredible the error of the galatasaray is
very close to the network of the advantage that
ahead brown fernandes that I was great
return ball for fernandes brown
inter in the penalty area
bruno fernandes gets walled by and rai
what a great opportunity for the Udine area
we don't say original roles but it returns
in the center right of the defense after
having been left against the
panathinaikos after a zapata binds
with the inter
the ball back for you breaks it
I have a very good ball outside
the action, however, of the Udine-born king
with the left in the area of ​​podolski
which from there can also cross a cross
burak ylmaz the ball is removed
at last then karnezis with a miracle
still his stack in the deflected ball was
very difficult to reject it for the
Greek goalkeeper 7 had been good here
also lucky to find the detour
but he found himself facing tease in meat
anna still karnezis was not easy
not even this with the ball you are
moved to the last he put his fists on us
meat pinzi captain
leaves for bruno fernandes badu widens
very well in the denis che bell area
action for the bianconeri and sleep
zapata keeps her there somehow brown
fernandes there will be market corner that
raging because maybe even a little
too distracting and the referee
attention goes to calling up the teams
again because of this
handful of villains of the curve of the
galatasaray
among other things, the queen coeli is
clearly a narrow avoidable with
frank general manager working that
walks in the underpass clan tone that
speak with arbitration does not want to play
I believe at all costs
the game is over but I remain a
understand that there is a colantuono
absolutely eager to continue
so at this point trying also to
understand how to deal with the direction of
lady however follow these images
to understand what will happen we have the
message from francesco pezzella that
speaks of a game over
the anger is so great because at the
forty-fifth you have to go back to the
locker rooms continue to bear
of their ideology and it really is
beautiful this scene of the cheering of
galatasaray who takes it out on typhus
of curve b, however, we recommend
keep you constantly as usual
update with all the news of the
black and white world with regard to the
match and not just the latter
scenes of a game that really was
very very beautiful and has been interrupted
from the idiocy of this group of supporters
of the galatasaray that had no better
to do on this Saturday afternoon that
he came to throw firecrackers in the stadium of
klagenfurt